fix: add min id length admonition (#53)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: includes/sdk-min-id-length.md

!!!warning "Id length limit"

>     The maintenance SDK uses the old SDK endpoint (`api2.amplitude.com`) which has no length limit on device Id and user Id. But the latest SDK uses HTTP V2 API (`api2.amplitude.com/2/httpapi`) which requires the minimum id length is 5 by default. Set `config.minIdLength` to a smalle value if you set user Id or device Id with length less than 5 when migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The maintenance SDK uses an old SDK endpoint (`api2.amplitude.com`) which enforces no length limit for `deviceId` and `userId`. The latest SDK uses Amplitude's HTTP V2 API (`api2.amplitude.com/2/httpapi`) and requires identifiers to be at least 5 characters by default. When you migrate to the new SDK, set `config.minIdLength` to a smaller value if you allowed identifiers with fewer than 5 characters.
```
